From:
"James Shupe (Formerly Jamie Shupe)"

Sent:
2/19/2020 6:47:22 PM

To:
"Forest Wilson" <forestwilsonfp@gmail.com>

Cc:

Bcc:

Subject:
Hello Forest,
As you're all too well aware, it's a tough fight for sure, but I'm holding out hope that one of these bills might pass in at least one state.
I was actually disappointed how Deutsch handled the South Dakota one. He kept giving up ground, compromise after compromise. It would have been better just to lose outright rather than
go down like that.
I wrote a lengthy letter for the legislature here on behalf of the Florida version of the bill but I'm not sure what became of my letter and never heard any more from the rep.
The rep who sponsored the bill asked me on a Friday evening to testify on Monday, something that wasn't possible on such short notice because I had an appointment at the VA that day
with the psychiatrist who treats my PTSD. Not the kind of appointment you miss, and care is too hard to come by at the VA to be wasting a time slot that was too late to fill.
In the end, not going to Tallahassee was probably for the best anyway. Turned out Equality Florida was there in force with all of their troops and the mother and brothers of Jazz Jennings.
The bill got killed before even making it to the house floor. There's still a Senate version but I'm unsure of the status of it, and the media's been quiet about it.
Looking forward to reading your letter. I'll post it in my feed afterward.
Hang in there, and thanks for sharing this.
Blessings,
James

On Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 09:18:30 PM EST, Forest Wilson <forestwilsonfp@gmail.com> wrote:
Sir,
I hope you and your family are doing well.
I wanted to let you know that I was recently at the state capitol, where my state representative Bill Dean announced he was sponsoring the "Protect Vulnerable Children Act," which would ban sex changes in minors (under
18) within the state of Ohio.
A link to a fake news article about it is here:
https://radio.wosu.org/post/ohio-conservatives-announce-bill-banning-medical-treatment-transgender-kids#stream/0
(I'm in the red shirtt standing in back)

I also wrote a letter explaining the importance of the bill in the local newspaper here:
https://www.fairborndailyherald.com/opinion/letters/40262/writer-supports-protect-vulnerable-children-act
Hopefully it will pass. I do know that the supporters are concerned that very few people will testify in support of it, because they fear losing their jobs and social status. Apparently companies have the right to fire "gender
critical" employees who make posts on social media or in public. I'm shocked to hear this because it sounds like something in a crap Bannana Republic but not a free democracy like the US.
Apparently there are also no or very few "detransitioners" willing to publicly testify in support of the bill. I imagine in some ways it's like asking a former church member to testify publicly against the church; they feel
uncomfortable taking a stance that will offend many current and former friends.
I thank you again for your efforts and personal involvement in my case. I still owe you lunch if we ever meet.

-Best Wishes,
Forest Wilson


