From:
M L

Sent:
2/11/2019 2:26:51 PM

To:
"Jamie Shupe" <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com>

Cc:

Subject: Re: Greetings!

Would it be ok for me to introduce you to Dr. Cretella by email as well? She absolutely loved your Federalist
article.
If so I have another email that I use. It will come from there.
On Mon, Feb 11, 2019 at 1:32 PM Jamie Shupe <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com> wrote:
Please do. Here are the details.
https://jamieshupe.wordpress.com/2019/02/11/jamie-shupe-twitter-locked-my-account-today/
I'm aware of Dr. Cretalla's work and I'm a fan.
The judge in my case has a transgender kid. I believe that's the reason she issued the landmark court decision. She wasn't just validating me, she was doing the same for her child. I hope
that nasty detail is finally going to get made public very soon. She should have recused herself because of that. I've provided reporters with my complete VA med records and an email
from my lawyer about the judge's kid.
Look forward to being back later.
Jamie
On Monday, February 11, 2019, 4:24:45 PM EST, M L <docdrlaidlaw@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Jamie,
That's one reason I like to get people's email addresses. You never know when the twitter police will make them disappear...
I believe Madeleine Kearns said she would be writing an article too. So I look forward to reading that.
Very curious about those nuke rounds :)
I'm in contact with a collection of doctors fighting back against what's happening. They wanted to also pass on a deeply felt message of thanks for being so courageous to speak out. You may know of Dr. Michelle
Cretella? She is one of them. She's done a lot of great work speaking out about the dangers to children.
Ok if I report on Twitter about how you were suspended?
-Mike
On Mon, Feb 11, 2019 at 12:59 PM Jamie Shupe <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com> wrote:
Hello Dr. Laidlaw,
Thanks for the kind words. I'm in Twitter jail today and can't use my account. Twitter locked my account for saying that gender dysphoria is a mental disorder after someone asked my thoughts on it. It's a 12-hour
suspension. I hope to be back on tonight.
I hope you are well. Thanks to you also for being one of the few brave souls willing to take a stand for these kids.

I've got some nuke rounds to unload about my court victory. I hope some journalists are going to drop them very soon.
Jamie


