From:
"James Shupe (Formerly Jamie Shupe)"

Sent:
3/23/2020 2:24:31 PM

To:
"james.shupe.fl@gmail.com" <james.shupe.fl@gmail.com>

Cc:

Bcc:

Subject: Fw: Idaho Vital Statistics Integrity Act - short window for

----- Forwarded Message ----From: Walt Heyer <waltsbook@yahoo.com>
To: jamie.shupe@yahoo.com <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com>
Sent: Saturday, March 21, 2020, 06:44:24 PM EDT
Subject: Re: Idaho Vital Statistics Integrity Act - short window for
I was not aware of that until after the fact when you told me.
Many people still do not know what to do with the people and this is an example.
Walt
On Sat, Mar 21, 2020 at 4:36 PM, James Shupe (Formerly Jamie Shupe)
<jamie.shupe@yahoo.com> wrote:

Is it readily apparent that I'm still highly pissed about what I would describe as getting blindsided upon learning that Fred's plan was to have trans-identifying people, who's position was
that it was medically necessary for them to transition, to testify for his bill?
Yeah, I'm still pissed about that stupid idea. Had I known that was the plan, I wouldn't have gotten involved.

On Saturday, March 21, 2020, 11:47:09 AM EDT, Walt Heyer <waltsbook@yahoo.com> wrote:
The surgeon who performed over 4000 surgeries admitted no one "transitions"
In a California Court Document I have.
Some of the contents of the document:
https://www.dailysignal.com/2020/02/21/sex-change-isnt-surgically-possible-my-surgeon-testified-in-court/
Walt
On Sat, Mar 21, 2020 at 10:58 AM, James Shupe (Formerly Jamie Shupe)
<jamie.shupe@yahoo.com> wrote:

Fred,
I've wrestled with whether or not I should bite my tongue or in a military-style "after actions review" kinda way, I should chime in with how I saw things play out.

Okay, so first off, I'm grateful for your courage to do this bill because it's a big strike in the right direction. I'm also saddened that you're taking a lot of heat, but that was to be expected
and you knew that was coming going into the fight. All that said, there were, however, in my view some serious problems in, for a lack of a better word, the "campaign" to pass the
legislation. As I stated previously, I thought it was a horribly bad idea to have folks that are still trans-identifying testifying or otherwise involved. You have to consider that if you were to
somehow piss them off, they could turn all of our emails over the ACLU, etc. That was literally like having people testifying "don't do this, even though I'm doing it because it's
lifesaving." And, of course, the argument from your foes was "we can help people like those folks do it even better, and without the surgeries, because we got them young when they
most needed the help." So that was an all-around bad idea. Next up, as I understood it, and please correct me if I'm wrong, but your platform was that you weren't against adults
transitioning. Let's all be honest, there's no such thing as transitioning, and the harm in that approach is it's being complicit in unleashing these folks on females. By condoning the
creation of these trans adults, it's being complicit in allowing them to compete in female sports, invade women's spaces such as bathrooms, locker rooms, homeless shelters,
prisons, the compelled speech, pronoun issues, etc. There's real harm in that and it's something I've stood against even before I desisted.
In the future, I think a better approach in this regard is to say we support adults having autonomy over their bodies but we refuse to participate in the delusion that they've changed sex
because of gender identity or because of the medical treatments. Further, these adults have to take responsibility for the changes they've made to their bodies in regard to how they
navigate society and even the medical system. To be crass, cutting my penis off doesn't warrant me getting into a female bathroom because it's a choice I made as an adult with
autonomy over my body.
So again, Fred, I am truly grateful for your hard work and willingness to do this because it's put the language and framework into place for other states to hopefully be successful. I just
hope they come at it differently.
For those of you that haven't updated my email address yet, please change it to james.shupe.fl@gmail.com
I'm legally back to James now, so it's time to put Jamie to rest, forever. Jamie was a failed medical and psychiatric experiment, nothing more.
Blessings,
James

On Thursday, March 19, 2020, 03:32:54 PM EDT, Dr. Fred Deutsch <drfred@deutschclinic.com> wrote:

Thank you for your courage. Though our session in SD is now over and our efforts to protect gender-confused vulnerable children failed, I continue to receive ugly email and social media posts. America needs more
state legislators like you. – Fred Deutsch, South Dakota Rep.


