From: Hannah Willard, Freedom for All Americans <editor@freedomforallamericans.org>

Sent: Thursday, March 26, 2020 5:03 AM

To: Arthur Schaper

Subject: URGENT: In a pandemic, anti-LGBTQ extremists in Idaho attack transgender youth

Bad bill alert in Idaho, Friend:

The first and only anti-transgender student athlete bill to pass this year is
on the Governor’s desk there right now.
That’s right—while many state governments are trying to help people
suffering in this pandemic, Idaho lawmakers are trying to hurt vulnerable youth.
The cruelty is extreme, friend, and really shows just how determined anti-LGBTQ
forces are to hurt our community.

Hannah Willard,
Senior Director of Campaigns

Thanks,

J

If you'd no longer like to receive these emails, click here.

FreedomforAllAmericans.org
If your name has changed, click here to update it.

FOLLOW

On Fri, Mar 27, 2020 at 6:26 AM Julianne Young <juliannehyoung@gmail.com> wrote:
At the end of the day yesterday the newly posted information on the governor's website showed that there
are only 30 bills left awaiting action. H500 (Fairness in Women's Sports- protecting biological males from
competing in women's sports) and H509 (The Idaho Vital Statistics Act) are among those which have been left
without action. These are subject to possible veto or signing through the 31st. If they are not been

LIKE

DONATE

Help us fight anti-transgender legislation, in Idaho and across the
country, for as long as it takes. If you can, chip in $8 to our state
campaigns team.

Our state leaders need to focus on what matters—containing the virus,
increasing testing, bolstering the economy, helping families, and ensuring
children are able to learn from home. Not attacking our most vulnerable
youth.

While some legislatures have gaveled out, or have suspended other work to deal
with the public health crisis, some haven’t. And when the pandemic is
contained, weeks or even months from now, and lawmakers are back at work,
anti-LGBTQ legislation could be at the top of their agenda.

If he vetoes, it will be a huge victory for our movement. But even then, dozens of
similar bills are still active in legislatures across the country—and legislative
sessions this year could drag on, into the summer or longer.

Idaho’s Governor has until the middle of next week to veto. If
you’re able, and if you’ve already supported those who are
suffering in your community right now, will you chip in $8 to our state
campaigns team ASAP so we can keep the pressure on him?

The Governor is skeptical about the bill, so there's a chance he’ll veto. But
we’re not leaving this up to chance: We’re running online ads into Idaho
right now, activating Idahoans to call for his veto. And we’re coordinating local
businesses to call for a veto too.

J

vetoed before 6:33 PM on the 31st they can become law even if they are not signed.
letting the governor know that these are important to us. Thank you.

We need to continue

Julianne Young
On Tue, Mar 24, 2020 at 8:18 PM Julianne Young <juliannehyoung@gmail.com> wrote:
My sincere apologies to all, but the governor's office decided at around noon today that they had until
the 31st to act on these bills. We now have until the 31st to continue expressing public support!
On Mon, Mar 23, 2020 at 1:20 PM Julianne Young <juliannehyoung@gmail.com> wrote:
One more post on time frames: Apparently since H509 was transmitted to the governor before we adjourned,
the 5 days still applies. That means that he has until tomorrow afternoon at 2:40 pm to act on it. As
of last night he hadn't addressed it yet.
On Sat, Mar 21, 2020 at 8:58 AM James Shupe (Formerly Jamie Shupe) <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com> wrote:
Fred,
I've wrestled with whether or not I should bite my tongue or in a military-style "after actions review" kinda way, I should chime in with how I saw things play out.
Okay, so first off, I'm grateful for your courage to do this bill because it's a big strike in the right direction. I'm also saddened that you're taking a lot of heat, but that was to
be expected and you knew that was coming going into the fight. All that said, there were, however, in my view some serious problems in, for a lack of a better word, the
"campaign" to pass the legislation. As I stated previously, I thought it was a horribly bad idea to have folks that are still trans-identifying testifying or otherwise involved.
You have to consider that if you were to somehow piss them off, they could turn all of our emails over the ACLU, etc. That was literally like having people testifying "don't
do this, even though I'm doing it because it's lifesaving." And, of course, the argument from your foes was "we can help people like those folks do it even better, and
without the surgeries, because we got them young when they most needed the help." So that was an all-around bad idea. Next up, as I understood it, and please correct
me if I'm wrong, but your platform was that you weren't against adults transitioning. Let's all be honest, there's no such thing as transitioning, and the harm in that
approach is it's being complicit in unleashing these folks on females. By condoning the creation of these trans adults, it's being complicit in allowing them to compete in
female sports, invade women's spaces such as bathrooms, locker rooms, homeless shelters, prisons, the compelled speech, pronoun issues, etc. There's real harm in
that and it's something I've stood against even before I desisted.
In the future, I think a better approach in this regard is to say we support adults having autonomy over their bodies but we refuse to participate in the delusion that they've
changed sex because of gender identity or because of the medical treatments. Further, these adults have to take responsibility for the changes they've made to their
bodies in regard to how they navigate society and even the medical system. To be crass, cutting my penis off doesn't warrant me getting into a female bathroom
because it's a choice I made as an adult with autonomy over my body.
So again, Fred, I am truly grateful for your hard work and willingness to do this because it's put the language and framework into place for other states to hopefully be
successful. I just hope they come at it differently.
For those of you that haven't updated my email address yet, please change it to james.shupe.fl@gmail.com
I'm legally back to James now, so it's time to put Jamie to rest, forever. Jamie was a failed medical and psychiatric experiment, nothing more.
Blessings,
James

On Thursday, March 19, 2020, 03:32:54 PM EDT, Dr. Fred Deutsch <drfred@deutschclinic.com> wrote:

Thank you for your courage. Though our session in SD is now over and our efforts to protect gender-confused vulnerable children failed, I continue to receive ugly email and social media posts. America

Thank you for your courage. Though our session in SD is now over and our efforts to protect gender-confused vulnerable children failed, I continue to receive ugly email and social media posts. America
needs more state legislators like you. – Fred Deutsch, South Dakota Rep.


