From:
Michelle Cretella

Sent:
1/10/2020 10:16:00 AM

To:
"Jamie Shupe" <Jamie.shupe@yahoo.com>

Cc:

Subject: Fwd: idea to send to pringle on GIRL Act

YOU may have SALVAGED THIS. see below:
They are also going to get a well worded act from another state to him!
---------- Forwarded message --------From: Becky <Becky@alabamaeagle.org>
Date: Fri, Jan 10, 2020 at 12:57 PM
Subject: idea to send to pringle on GIRL Act
To: Margaret Clarke <margaretclarke317@icloud.com>, alaeagle@charter.net <alaeagle@charter.net>, Michelle Cretella
<drmcretella@gmail.com>

What about something like this to him?

Hi Rep Pringle, I wanted to reach out and thank you for sponsoring the GIRL Act. I wasn’t sure if you pre-filed it yet. The transgender issue is one that Eagle Forum has heavily researched
and been involved with for some time. We are working on another important piece of legislation dealing with the medical side of transitioning. We want to do our best to educate the public
and lawmakers on the inconsistent history of gender identity and in the harm of using the word gender instead of sex.

Here is a quote from www.GenderResourceGuide.com that you might find helpful. Gender proposes a conception of human identity that is chosen, fluid,
and not objectively verifiable. Gender can directly contradict sex, the observable and unchangeable biological status of being
either male or female. A gender identity policy will, for example, typically allow students to enter restrooms regardless of
their sex, or how well a student adheres to stereotypes of the opposite sex, demonstrating that these policies do not consider
gender to be either sex, sex stereotypes, or behavioral aspects of sex. To prevent confusion, avoid the term “gender” and use
the term “sex” instead.

Please know we are here to help you and we applaud your efforts. We ask that you would consider revising your language to say biological sex vs gender. I think you will like this terrific
resource that will help you in your talking points to other legislators. If you would like us to provide a bound copy for you we would be happy to.

Feel free to call me anytime. We are here to help. Thanks again!

Becky Gerritson

Executive Director
Eagle Forum of Alabama
334-452-0453
Becky@alabamaeagle.org
www.AlabamaEagle.org


