From:
Emily Zinos

Sent:
6/30/2019 4:53:12 PM

To:
"Jamie Shupe" <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com>

Cc:

Subject: Re: (Recommendations After Proofreading) Re: Endorsements needed!

Hi James,
These are all really helpful and I very much appreciate how much time you put into these suggestions. I'll be hard
at work this week incorporating edits and requesting endorsements! My comments are below in blue...
On Sun, Jun 30, 2019, 5:19 PM James Shupe (Formerly Jamie Shupe) <jamie.shupe@yahoo.com> wrote:
Good stuff Emily!
Kudos for all the work to bring this to life and implementation.
A few things that come to mind while reading this:
1. Please consider adding something like these talking points from this article about how to talk to your children:
"When your six-year-old comes home from school with a new word -- transgender -- what do you tell her? Here's a suggestion, and something to tell your teenager as well."
https://www.mercatornet.com/family_edge/view/transgender-talking-points-for-kids/22533
I like this idea a lot, but I might not have time to make it happen. I'll let you know.
2. Gender Identity definition: Consider adding?
Refuse to use the term gender identity and explain that you have a scientifically measurable biological sex, not a subjective gender identity.

Excellent idea! Believe me, everyone I give this to wants to make changes to this definition, so it will be
different and I will incorporate your suggestion.
3. Skeletons? Please consider adding male and female skeletons to illustrate the dramatic differences between the sexes, it has shock power. Kids need to see it, parents need to be
reminded of it.

In the Minnesota version of this guide, we did include a graphic on physiological sex differences. Maybe I'll put it
back!
4. "Medical Transition refers to use of puberty blockers, cross-sex hormones, and/or surgery to assume the physical appearance of the opposite sex."
"Imitate" instead of using "assume?"

Good idea.
5. Section: "Is it fair for transgender-identified men and boys to compete with women and girls in sports competitions?"
Suggest adding "Q Angle" of the pelvis and leg bones in females to this section, it does matter. Again, the pictures have shock power.

Again, maybe we can add the sex differences graphic back in.
6. In section 13: Are puberty blockers and hormones totally 13 reversible?
"Children who use cross sex hormones following puberty blockers will remain infertile while taking these hormones."
I believe cross sex is spelled as "cross-sex". Noticed the same problem on Nonbinary definition spelling. It's "Non-binary."
Thank you.
Page 23 then says this, creating conflict in the two sections:
"which causes permanent sterility."
The latter is correct to my understanding.

Good catch. The first example was a cautious statement added by Dr. Laidlaw, but I think we have enough evidence to
stick with the latter.
7. "Many transgender-identified young people have behaviors and preferences that do not conform with those typical of their sex. Sex stereotypes vary between cultures and historical
eras, and conformity to them is not an accurate indication of one’s biological identity.
Boys and girls have a wide variation of personality traits and preferences that in no way contradict their
sex.
Check the spacing on the sentences?

Good catch
8. Consider adding as a risk: Pelvic pain and persistent menses in transgender men, atrophy of the vagina, pain during sex.
https://transcare.ucsf.edu/guidelines/pain-transmen
If we can fit that, I'll add!
9. Consider adding as a risk: MTF kids will lose sex drive:
This one I considered, but my supervisor and I decided to leave it out because a) we couldn't include everything! and b) it links children to sexual function, which might upset some
readers.

Low libido:
A study of sexual desire in transgender women found that 83% never or rarely experience spontaneous sexual desire, 76% never or rarely experience responsive sexual desire, and 22%
meet the criteria for Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder (HSDD) by experiencing both of these in a way which results in personal or relational distress. This study also found decreases in
sexual desire after genital surgery.[37] Another study found a rate of HSDD in transgender women of 34%, compared to 23% in non-transgender women. This study found no correlation
between sexual desire and testosterone levels in the transgender women, though a significant correlation was found between hormones and desire in non-transgender women.[38] An
unpublished study found positive correlations between libido and testosterone levels in transgender women treated with testosterone, but no effect when treated with
dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S).[39] As such it remains unclear if HSDD relates to androgen blockade or post-gonadectomy hormonal changes, or due to anatomical,
functional and psychological changes associated with hormone therapy or genital surgery.
https://transcare.ucsf.edu/guidelines/feminizing-hormone-therapy
10. Probably some useful stats in this from McHugh? Or use as another reference. This was a big deal when it came out.
https://www.thenewatlantis.com/publications/executive-summary-sexuality-and-gender

We did include that in the MN version, but maybe it was left out this time around? I can't remember, but you're
right that it's a critical resource.
11. This might be worthwhile to paint a picture of how dangerous the school sexual assault problem is already without the trans problem and perceived danger it creates.
https://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?id=5231059&itype=CMSID

Probably won't have space or time to go there:(
12. It might be impactful to add a brief history of gender identity, the stupid thing was only created in the 1960s for transsexuals, but now we're all claimed to have one.
Earlier drafts did include a brief background, but my supervisor thought it was too inside baseball for a wide audience. Hope you understand!
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7996589
My best,
James

On Friday, June 28, 2019, 06:53:56 PM EDT, Emily Zinos <zinosemily@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi James,
I hope you're doing well! I can't tell you how helpful your Twitter feed has been to me, both the links you share and the analysis you offer. Spot on.
I am excited to let you know that I am getting very close to the finish line with a tool I've been developing called the Parent Resource Guide. I've attached the Guide below for you to look through when you have time.
I'm hoping to get a few different organizations to co-brand the guide, with two from the left or center and two from the right, so as to widen our audience. Know that there may be some minor changes to text as the cobranders weigh in on the Guide. Also, I had to switch graphic designers at the last minute, so please know that some design elements may also change (the cover will most definitely be changing, fyi).
I am now compiling endorsements for this version, which will be bound into the printed guide as the first few pages. I would be honored to include your endorsement, if you are willing to offer one. At minimum, it only needs
to be a few sentences.
Please don't share the Guide at this point, but do let me know if you think of someone else I should ask for an endorsement. We're hoping to have all endorsements by July 15th.
Thank you for considering, James!
God bless you,
Emily Zinos


